What each of these elements do with examples
    HTML Formatting- helps us in changes in text like to make text bold, italicized, underlined,
    strike text, monospaced text, superscript text, subscript text, inserted text, deleted text,
    lager text, smaller text, grouping content

    HTML Phrase Tags- The phrase tags have been desicolgned for specific purposes, though they 
    are displayed in a similar way as other basic tags like <b>, <i>, <pre>, and <tt>, you have 
    seen in previous chapter.

    HTML Meta Tags- HTML lets you specify metadata - additional important information about a 
    document in a variety of ways. The META elements can be used to include name/value pairs 
    describing properties of the HTML document, such as author, expiry date, a list of keywords, 
    document author etc.

    HTML Comments- Comment is a piece of code which is ignored by any web browser. It is a good 
    practice to add comments into your HTML code, especially in complex documents, to indicate 
    sections of a document, and any other notes to anyone looking at the code. Comments help you 
    and others understand your code and increases code readability.

    HTML Images- Images are very important to beautify as well as to depict many complex concepts 
    in simple way on your web page. This tutorial will take you through simple steps to use images 
    in your web pages.

    HTML Tables- The HTML tables allow web authors to arrange data like text, images, links, other 
    tables, etc. into rows and columns of cells.The HTML tables are created using the <table> tag 
    in which the <tr> tag is used to create table rows and <td> tag is used to create data cells. 
    The elements under <td> are regular and left aligned by default.

    HTML Lists- HTML offers web authors three ways for specifying lists of information. All lists 
    must contain one or more list elements. Lists may contain.

    <ul> − An unordered list. This will list items using plain bullets.

    <ol> − An ordered list. This will use different schemes of numbers to list your items.

    <dl> − A definition list. This arranges your items in the same way as they are arranged in 
    a dictionary. 

    HTML Text Links- A webpage can contain various links that take you directly to other pages 
    and even specific parts of a given page. These links are known as hyperlinks.

    HTML Image Links- We have seen how to create hypertext link using text and we also learnt
     how to use images in our webpages. Now, we will learn how to use images to create hyperlinks.

     HTML Email Links- It is not difficult to put an HTML email link on your webpage but it can 
     cause unnecessary spamming problem for your email account. There are people, who can run programs 
     to harvest these types of emails and later use them for spamming in various ways.

     HTML Frames- HTML frames are used to divide your browser window into multiple sections where each 
     section can load a separate HTML document. A collection of frames in the browser window is known 
     as a frameset. The window is divided into frames in a similar way the tables are organized: into 
     rows and columns.

     HTML iFrames- You can define an inline frame with HTML tag <iframe>. The <iframe> tag is not 
     somehow related to <frameset> tag, instead, it can appear anywhere in your document. The <iframe> 
     tag defines a rectangular region within the document in which the browser can display a separate 
     document, including scrollbars and borders. An inline frame is used to embed another document 
     within the current HTML document.

     HTML Blocks- All the HTML elements can be categorized into two categories (a) Block Level 
     Elements (b)Inline Elements.

     HTML Backgrounds- By default, your webpage background is white in color. You may not like it, 
     but no worries. HTML provides you following two good ways to decorate your webpage background.

     HTML Colors- Colors are very important to give a good look and feel to your website. 
     You can specify colors on page level using <body> tag or you can set colors for individual 
     tags using bgcolor attribute.

     HTML Fonts- Colors are very important to give a good look and feel to your website. 
     You can specify colors on page level using <body> tag or you can set colors for 
     individual tags using bgcolor attribute.

     HTML Forms- HTML Forms are required, when you want to collect some data from the site visitor. 
     For example, during user registration you would like to collect information such as name, email 
     address, credit card, etc.

     HTML Embed Multimedia- Sometimes you need to add music or video into your web page. 
     The easiest way to add video or sound to your web site is to include the special 
     HTML tag called <embed>. This tag causes the browser itself to include controls 
     for the multimedia automatically provided browser supports <embed> tag and given media type.

     HTML Marquees- An HTML marquee is a scrolling piece of text displayed either horizontally 
     across or vertically down your webpage depending on the settings. This is created by using 
     HTML <marquees> tag.

     HTML Header- The header helps in naming the html document

     HTML Style sheets- Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) provide easy and effective alternatives 
     to specify various attributes for the HTML tags. Using CSS, you can specify a number of 
     style properties for a given HTML element. Each property has a name and a value, 
     separated by a colon (:). Each property declaration is separated by a semi-colon (;).

     HTML JavaScript- A script is a small piece of program that can add interactivity to 
     your website. For example, a script could generate a pop-up alert box message, or 
     provide a dropdown menu. This script could be written using JavaScript or VBScript.

     HTML Layouts- A webpage layout is very important to give better look to your website. 
     It takes considerable time to design a website's layout with great look and feel.


